# SOURCE FOLDER DOC

---

## Structure

The source folder contains static configurations for the SIWINS backend and frontend. Below is the tree representing the structure of the source folder.

```
backend/source/
├── production
├── test
└── main.py
```

The source folder has been divided into two separate directories: `test` and `production`. The system will intelligently choose to load either the `test` or `production` source, depending on the instance name from the environment variable. The process of loading is managed by a file called `main.py`. Both the `test` and `production` sources have same folder structures, as illustrated below.


```
instance_name/
├── administration
│   ├── administration.csv
│   └── fake-geolocations.csv
├── cascades
│   └── cascade-name-v1.sqlite.csv
├── config
│   ├── charts.js
│   ├── config.min.js
│   ├── dashboard.json
│   ├── indicator-hint.json
│   ├── jmp-hint.json
│   └── maps.js
├── datapoints
│   ├── 647170919_data.json
│   └── sync_data.json
├── forms
│   ├── 647170919.json
│   └── forms.json
├── category.json
├── geoconfig.py
├── main_config.py
└── solomon-island-topojson.json
```

## 1. Administration

The Administration folder contains 2 files, administration.csv and fake-geolocations.csv.

- The `administration.csv` file is generated by the administration seeder.
- The `fake-geolocations.csv` file is generated manually. It contains the data of latitude and longitude for each province used in the fake-datapoint seeder.

## 2. Cascades

The Cascades folder contains each cascade.sqlite CSV file generated by the cascade seeder. The purpose of these cascade files is to seed the cascade table using the respective CSV files instead of fetching the cascade data from the network.

## 3. Config

The Config folder contains all configurations required by the frontend for visualizations.

## 4. Datapoints

The Datapoints folder contains static examples of datapoints or survey answers that are only required for pytest purposes.

## 5. Forms

The Forms folder contains the static form structure used in this SIWINS system and a form config.

- The `form.json` file contains an array of objects that describe each form used in this system.
- The `<form_id>.json` file contains the static form structure used to seed the database.


## Other files

1. The `category.json` file is required for the JMP category (AkvoResponseGrouper).
2. The `geoconfig.py` file stores default latitude and longitude for the maps.
3. The `main_config.py` file contains all the root configurations for the project. If you want to change the questionnaire, you need to update the main config in the QuestionConfig section (update static question ID).
4. The `solomon-island-topojson.json` is a topojson file that shows the map of Solomon Island.
